# Privacy Policy


## Introduction and Definition
This Privacy Policy sets out how we, HexLauncher, use and protect your personal data that you provide to us, or that is otherwise obtained or generated by us, in connection with your use of HexLauncher (the “Services”). For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ refers to HexLauncher, and ‘you’ refers to you, the user of the Services.

## Principles
We follow simple principles when it comes to your data:
- Your data is used exactly as you expect
- Your data is not shared with anyone, at any time
- Your data does not leave your device

## Information you provide
**Installed Apps.** HexLauncher requires accesses to all applications installed on your device in order to function. This information is originally accessed through the Android system, and may be stored on-device in order to allow customization of app features. This information is only used on-device, and is not shared with any third-party.

**Contacts.** HexLauncher can optionally provide the ability to search your contacts. HexLauncher does not use your contacts for anything other than displaying them to you while searching. This information is accessed only with express user consent, is only accessed on your device, and only held while actively in use.

**Managing your information.** All information used by HexLauncher is stored on-device, and can be managed through HexLauncher’s application Settings, or through Android’s system controls.

## How we share your information
We do not share any information at any time.

## Updates
This privacy policy will be updated as needed so that it is accurate, current, and clear.

## Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy please contact intentionalhexlauncher@gmail.com.


Effective as of April 4, 2020

Updated April 4, 2020
